#summary Describes how to build ZNC on Windows.
#labels Phase-Deploy

=== Requirements ===
  * Windows XP/Server 2003 or newer.
  * Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 (C++ Express Edition may be enough)
  * Having a recent Microsoft Platform SDK is probably a good idea, but not required.

=== Building dependencies ===
  * *OpenSSL*: Get OpenSSL from http://www.openssl.org/source/ (e.g. _openssl-0.9.8l.tar.gz_), download, extract and build according to _INSTALL.W32_ and _INSTALL.W64_. Please note that there is a bug with the x64 build process and recent Platform SDKs that requires you to comment out all lines with `$ex_libs.=' bufferoverflowu.lib' if ($FLAVOR =~ /WIN64/);` in _util\pl\VC-32.pl_.
  * *C-ares*: Get c-ares from http://c-ares.haxx.se/ (e.g. _c-ares-1.7.0.tar.gz_, don't use an SVN version, they often do not build on Windows), download, extract and build using VC command line and the `nmake -f Makefile.msvc` command.

=== Getting the ZNC source code ===
Follow the [http://code.google.com/p/znc-msvc/source/checkout SVN checkout instructions] here, or get a source code zip file from the [http://code.google.com/p/znc-msvc/downloads/list downloads] page, if there is one.

=== Copying dependency files to the ZNC dependencies directory ===
You will have to copy some files from the openssl and c-ares directories into the dependencies folder of the ZNC source. Please read the _README.txt_ files inside the includes and lib directories for details.
Once you did that, you're ready to compile.

=== Compiling ZNC ===
Use the solution file from _znc-msvc\win32\project_. If you built and copied all dependencies, ZNC should now compile successfully.
Please note that the x64 builds will emit a number of warnings for WinAPI and OpenSSL API calls.