#summary znc-msvc Changelog.
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

== 2010-06-11 (0.090) (rev 2007) ==
  * See previous temp release
  * See [http://en.znc.in/wiki/ChangeLog/0.090 changelog on znc.in]
  * Made sure invalid time format strings don't crash

== 2010-04-26 (0.089-r 1944) ==
  * Upstream fixed and added like a million things, check out the changelog on znc.in
  * Updated OpenSSL to 1.0.0
  * Updated c-ares to 1.7.1

== 2010-02-19 (0.080) (rev 1754) ==
  * Upstream fixed some bugs, nothing too exciting compared to 0.079-r 1722.

== 2010-01-27 (0.079-r 1722) ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1722, lots of changes & fixes. Thanks!
  * Updated colloquy module from [http://github.com/wired/colloquypush/raw/master/znc/colloquy.cpp here]
  * Use c-ares DLLs instead of static libs (revision 194, credit: laszlo.tamas.szabo)
  * Fixed fix_lagchk module
  * Removed "qauth" module, "q" does its job
  * Awaiting your feedback!

== 2009-12-21 (0.079-r 1685) (x86 only) ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1685
  * Worked around c-ares crash bug, issue 22 for details

== 2009-12-18 (0.078) ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1674 (= official ZNC version [http://sourceforge.net/projects/znc/files/znc/0.078/znc-0.078-changelog.txt/view 0.078])
  * Fixed two crash bugs in the identserver module
  * Control + C gracefully shuts down ZNC (patch by laszlo.tamas.szabo!)
  * znc_service: Stopping the service gracefully shuts down (patch by laszlo.tamas.szabo!)
  * Updated OpenSSL libraries to 0.9.8l
  * Updated c-ares library to 1.7.0
  * Updated project files and uploaded them to SVN (laszlo.tamas.szabo, ingmar.runge), building ZNC-MSVC at home is now very [BuildingZNC easy]
  * Made a nice build and packaging/release system. (laszlo.tamas.szabo, ingmar.runge)

*Please report any problems [http://code.google.com/p/znc-msvc/source/list here] or on IRC. Thanks!*

== 2009-10-31 (0.077-r 1654) ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1654. Props to the ZNC team!
  * Added twitter module, thanks flakes!
  * Fixed issue 16 (away module crash)
  * Fixed issue 17 (restart command not working)
  * Created a znc_service.exe that can be used to make ZNC run as a service
  * Added license files to the download

== 2009-09-25 (0.076-r 1634) ==
  * Matches official ZNC release 0.076
  * Various fixes and improvements

== 2009-08-31 ==
  * Exactly the same files as the previous release, just moved the `modules/skins` folder to its proper location, `modules/webadmin/skins`.

== 2009-08-25 ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1613, fixing some things and speeding up /znc listavailmods. Props to the ZNC team!
  * Removed dns module
  * Added prowl and fix_lagchk modules, thanks flakes.
  * First release with native x64 binaries!
  * Fixed issue 14 (log module).

== 2009-08-11 ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1597, fixing quite some things. Props to the ZNC team!
  * Removed "control" module, since send_raw does exactly the same thing.
  * Added blockserver and clientpart modules from ~psychon. Thanks!

== 2009-07-21 (<font color="red">Updating is strongly advised!</font>) ==
  * Really fixed issue 13. The previous fix was sloppy.
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1571 (=ZNC 0.072), fixing another security issue that also affected the Linux version.

== 2009-07-20 ==
  * Updated to official SVN revision 1568, fixing a bug that stopped "/znc get" from working (among other stuff).
  * Added notify, qauth and dns modules from [http://en.znc.in/wiki/Category:External_Modules here].
  * Removed uptime module since it hasn't been working (revision 56).
  * Speeded up compilation of modules by using precompiled headers.
  * Fixed an issue that probably stopped webadmin from working (404 messages).
  * Fixed crash bug introduced together with c-ares (2009-07-04). Thanks CNU for noticing!
  * Fixed security-related issue 13. Thanks to CNU again!

== 2009-07-08 ==
Updated to official SVN revision 1559, fixing IPv6 issue, adding "execute" command to perform module, bug fixes. All credit goes to the ZNC team.

== 2009-07-04 ==
Updated to official SVN revision 1555, including asynchronous DNS (ZNC will not "hang" if a server name takes a long time to resolve). All credit goes to the ZNC team.

== 2009-05-29 ==
  * Fixed --datadir (issue 8)
  * Fixed crash on connect (issue 10)
  * Improved version check between ZNC.dll and linked components (issue 9 and issue 11)
  * Fixed help output to reflect the changes to the uptime status command (patch from official SVN)
  * Implemented issue 5 (hide passwords during --makeconf)
  * Added certauth, watch_only_detached and highlightattach modules from http://people.znc.in/~psychon/znc/modules/ ... All credit to psychon!

== 2009-05-27 ==
  * Lowered WINVER define from WinXP SP2 to Win2000 SP4 with IE6.
  * Implemented issue 4.
  * Updated to latest [http://znc.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/znc/ official SVN] (from revision 1515 to 1525)
  * Added webadmin skins that were missing from the previous release.


== Older Changes ==

*May 21st 2009*
    Updated to latest SVN (1515), fixed folders not being created and therefore module settings not being saved.

*May 20th 2009*
    Updated to latest SVN (1508), added fish module.

*April 8th 2009*
    Added additional modules, updated to latest SVN (1485).

*March 31st 2009*
    Fixed webadmin module and skin lists, skin change and more path-related problems.

*March 29th 2009*
    Fixed listavailmods command and OpenSSL certificate generation failure. Updated to v0.068. Fixed the rest of the modules, 38 modules from znc and znc-extra are now included in the download.

*March 4th 2009*
    Updated to latest SVN, added compatible modules from znc-extra.