#summary Describes how to set up ZNC with modskype as a "bridge bot" between IRC channels and Skype group chats.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

<table border="0"><tr valign="top"><td>
== How To ==
  # First, [http://code.google.com/p/znc-msvc/downloads/list download] the latest binaries and the latest `modskype.dll` from this page.
  # Second, extract the binaries and move `modskype.dll` into the modules folder from the binaries download.
  # Make sure you have the latest [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=A5C84275-3B97-4AB7-A40D-3802B2AF5FC2&displaylang=en Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 SP1 Redistributable Package]
  # Open a command shell window (Windows+R, `cmd`) and navigate to the folder you extracted znc.exe to.
  # Type `znc --makeconf` and hit enter.
  # Follow the instructions and set up a znc account. Connect the account to the server with the channels you would like to bridge.
  # Start your new znc. Type: `znc -D`
  # Connect to your new ZNC via any IRC client.
  # More information on the last few steps can be found here: http://en.znc.in/wiki/ZNC (official ZNC docs/website).
  # Start Skype and log in.
  # Now, type `/msg *status loadmod modskype`
  # `*status` should reply with `Loaded module modskype`.
  # Skype should notify you that znc.exe wants to have access. Grant access.
  # Have someone type a message in each Skype group chat you want bridged.
  # For each new channel, `*modskype` on IRC will send you a message like `WARNING: Group chat $gibb;errish;1234 not mapped to any channel. A message has been lost.`
  # To map group chats, type `/msg *modskype set #your-channel $gibb;errish;1234` and replace the IRC channel name and the Skype chat room ID accordingly.
  # A confirmation message will appear: `MAPPED: chatname $gibb;errish;1234 to #your-channel!`
  # Type `/msg *status saveconfig`
  # Disconnect your client from the bnc account. Leave Skype running. Everything should be fine now.

Please note that chatting from within the Skype instance that is used for the bot may lead to unexpected results.
</td><td><a href="http://znc-msvc.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/modskype-promo.png">http://znc-msvc.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/modskype-promo-thumb.jpg</a></td></tr></table>