#summary Shows how to make ZNC run as a service.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

Important: This only applies to ZNC for Windows 0.206 and later. The older instructions are still available at [ServiceSetupLegacy], however, those are now obsolete and should NOT be followed!

*This pages describes the manual way. If you prefer the easy way, download the ZNC installer instead of the zip file.*

*If you were previously using ZNC as a service, you have to remove it before installing the new one! Follow the removal instructions on [ServiceSetupLegacy].*

===Prerequisites===

  * We assume that you installed ZNC according to StarterGuide and that you have a working configuration file.
  * You obviously need administrative privileges.
  * Shut down ZNC if you haven't already.

===Installing the service===

Open a command prompt with administrative privileges, navigate to the folder where znc_service.exe resides and execute: `znc_service --install`

The command should print "OK". If it doesn't, the service may already be installed or your command prompt may not have administrative permissions.

===Setting up the config dir===

Now you have to move your existing .znc configuration folder to a place where the "Local Service" account can read from and write to it.

I suggest using `C:\ProgramData\ZNC\Configuration`. The resulting tree should look like this:
{{{
- Configuration
  - configs
    znc.conf
  + moddata
  + users
}}}

Again, make sure the "Local Service" account has permission to read and write to this folder.

Now you have to tell the service about the folder. To do that, create a REG_SZ value of the name `ServiceDataDir` in `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\ZNC`. Use `C:\ProgramData\ZNC\Configuration` or the appropriate path for its value.

===Starting the service===

Use services.msc to start it now.

===Tray utility===

The tray utility will only work correctly if UAC is turned off, or if you used the setup file to install the service. This is because the manual service installation does not register COMServiceControl.exe. Please do not try to register COMServiceControl.exe manually either.

===Removing the service===

Repeat the installation step, but this time use: `znc_service --uninstall`