#summary Introduction to running znc on Windows
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

===System Requirements===

  * Microsoft Windows XP SP 1 or newer
  * Network connection

===First Start (1.x)===
  * Uninstall any earlier ZNC versions
  * Open a new cmd.exe instance, navigate to the `Program Files\ZNC` folder, type `znc_cli.exe --makeconf`, then follow the instructions. When you're done, simply enter `znc_cli` and hit return to start the program.
  * Your configuration is stored in `%appdata%\ZNC` by default.

===Notes===
  * Details about using modules, webadmin and so on can be found on the [http://en.znc.in/wiki/ZNC official ZNC website].
  * You have to keep the console window open. Closing it will shut down ZNC.
  * If you don't like that, you can install ZNC as a Windows service. Refer to [ServiceSetup] for details on how to.
  * As of 22 August 2012, the ZNC_Tray.exe program is still a work in progress!

==Additional Requirements==
  * For versions starting from 1.x: Microsoft runtime files are shipped with the downloads.
  * *For versions 0.098 to 0.206:* Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 SP1 Redistributable Package ([http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=c32f406a-f8fc-4164-b6eb-5328b8578f03 32 Bit] / [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=C68CCBB6-75EF-4C9D-A326-879EAB4FCDF8 64 Bit])
  * *Earlier versions:* Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 SP1 Redistributable Package ([http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=A5C84275-3B97-4AB7-A40D-3802B2AF5FC2&displaylang=en 32 Bit] / [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=BA9257CA-337F-4B40-8C14-157CFDFFEE4E&displaylang=en 64 Bit])